What Is an Automated Teller Machine (ATM)?

         An automated teller machine (ATM) is an electronic banking outlet that allows customers to complete
basic transactions without the aid of a branch representative or teller.Anyone with a credit card or debit card 
can access cash at most ATMs, either in the U.S. or other countries.

-> History of ATMs:
The first ATM appeared at a branch of Barclays Bank in London in 1967, though there are reports of a cash dispenser
in use in Japan in the mid-1960s.The interbank communications networks that allowed a consumer to use one bank’s card
at another bank’s ATM followed in the 1970s.

-> ATM Design Elements:
The design of each ATM may be different, but they all contain the same basic parts:

Card reader: This part reads the chip on the front of your card or the magnetic stripe on the back.
Keypad: The keypad is used to input information, including your personal identification number (PIN), 
the type of transaction required, and the amount of the transaction.
Cash dispenser: Bills are dispensed through a slot in the machine, which is connected to a safe at 
the bottom of the machine.
Printer: If required, you can request receipts that are printed out of the ATM. The receipt records 
the type of transaction, the amount, and the current account balance.
Screen: The ATM issues prompts that guide you through the process of executing the transaction.
Information about accounts and their balances is also transmitted on the screen.

-> How To Use an ATM:

To use an ATM, you typically insert your bank cards and follow the prompts to withdraw cash, 
which is dispensed through a slot. ATMs require you to use a plastic card—either a bank debit card or a credit card
—to complete a transaction. Your identity is authenticated by a PIN before any transaction can be made.

Many cards come with a chip, which transmits data from the card to the machine. These work in the same way as a
bar code that is scanned by a code reader.

Banks place ATMs inside and outside of their branches. Other ATMs are located in high-traffic areas such as
shopping centers, grocery stores, convenience stores, airports, bus and railway stations, gas stations, casinos, 
restaurants, and other locations.

ATM Functional Requirements:

   Requirement	                                          Description
 Cash Withdrawal                     	         The ATM must dispense the requested amount of cash to the user.
 Deposit Processing	                             The ATM must accurately process cash and check deposits.
 Balance Inquiry                                 The ATM must display the user`s current account balance. 